Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
SORRY I HAD TO GO.
HOPE YOU HAD A GOOD NIGHT.
YEAH. THANKS.
BUT IT'S BEST IF YOU DON'T TEXT ME ANYMORE
Are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
-Are you sure?
I'm fine.
Mm.
Should I send her a message?
No. it's best if you don't.
He asked you to back off.
Let's not provoke him any further.
It's obvious she likes you.
but he's the one in charge.
You're gonna need his approval
to become friends with her.
That's our next step.
You said I wouldn't get involved with him.
You weren't supposed to.
But things have changed.
We found out that he visited
your jewelry store's website.
He also checked your Instagram
and googled your name.
You clearly made an impression on him.
So what do I do now?
You need to boost his ego.
Try to make him feel safe.
important. and in control.
You'd be surprised how
a man's self-esteem dictates his behavior.
I know that.
Here. this helps with hangovers.
THE ASSET
-Hi.
-Hey.
I'm here to give this back. it's Ibi's.
I… I borrowed her dress.
Can Ashley give it back to her?
Here.
So I ask you to back off
and you show up at my house?
Um. actually. I also came here
to tell you that I'm sorry.
Um…
I'm really sorry if I did
or said something that upset you.
And maybe that's why you don't want
Ashley to hang out with me anymore.
I really didn't mean to ruin your night.
Where'd you get this address?
Customers provide it
when they buy jewelry from me.
Right.
Anyway. I already told Ashley.
but I thought
you should know too. that. um…
if ever you need to buy jewelry. I can
give you a nice discount at my store.
-Going door to door?
-No. I'm just being friendly.
-Give her my best.
-How did you get here?
I took a taxi.
You took a taxi.
And it's already gone?
Yes.
Hold on. wait here.
Come.
-Where to?
-For a drive.
Come on.
You're sweating.
So. tell me… what do you want from her?
From her?
Never heard about you before.
You came out of nowhere.
What's that about?
We met at a nail salon
and then we started talking.
That's all there is to it.
I just moved back to Copenhagen
so I don't have many friends here.
Come on.
Right in the middle
of the fucking road. seriously.
-Where'd you live before?
-Dubai.
You speak Arabic. then?
No. I don't. unfortunately.
I only speak English and Danish.
that's it.
Very nice collection.
Can I see these?
-The earrings?
-Mm-hmm.
Of course.
-Here you go.
-Thanks.
May I?
They're perfect.
I apologize for my behavior last night.
It's okay.
Ashley is passionate about many things.
but she sometimes gets carried away.
And some people…
take advantage of that.
I'm only trying to protect her.
Of course.
That bracelet… you gave to Sofia.
-Yeah?
-You have another one?
Yeah.
You don't have to wrap it.
Like that is fine.
All right.
What's the total?
With the discount. that'll be 45.
Do you take cash?
Uh. yeah. but only up to 15.
Hm.
Can you split it?
Never mind. I'll pay by card.
Okay.
Thank you.
May I call her?
Only if you're okay with that?
It's fine.
Thank you for asking.
Cereal. again?
Yeah.
Let's go bowling next week.
All together. as a family.
-Mom!
-Hi!
Hi. sweetie.
I'm so happy to see you.
-Look what Dad found!
-Oh. wow! Where was it?
On the floor in the car.
Mom. can I have some cereal?
-Yes. Of course you can.
-Thanks.
Hi. honey.
Thanks. Mom.
-Your favorite.
-I got you a gift.
Just a little something.
Like them?
Mm.
Why don't you go try them on?
Sure.
Dad. have you seen my iPad?
Uh… yeah. I saw it somewhere around here.
Go look in your bedroom.
Mm.
I told her I was sorry.
You did?
Yeah.
Call her and ask if you don't believe me.
I overreacted. I'm sorry.
I don't want to fight like that with you.
Yesterday. I didn't mean
any of the things I said.
I know you didn't.
It's okay.
Kiss me.
What is it?
You should invite her out.
Sara?
Yeah. Do something together.
just the two of you.
Go have fun.
My treat.
Seriously?
Yeah.
You should invite her out.
Do something together.
Just the two of you. Go have fun.
My treat.
Seriously?
Yeah.
What's in it for you?
Nothing.
I know you.
I'd like for you to ask her
if she can help you invest in stones.
-Invest?
-Yes.
I don't think she'd be into that.
That's what I want you to find out.
You know I hate doing stuff like that.
Just invite her out.
What does he want out of this?
We know that he's probably
sitting on a pile of cash.
And jewels are an easy way
to move large sums of money.
If he's able to make a deal with you.
he can legally fly out of the country
with the stones. sell them in Spain. and…
then buy all the cocaine he can dream of.
-And we're gonna help him do that?
-Yes.
Sort of help him.
What does legal say?
Legal always says the same thing.
We can do it. but they don't recommend it.
What do you think?
I believe it's the perfect way
for her to get in.
Then we can just follow the stones.
they'll lead us to Miran.
We'll be able to bust him
and his suppliers.
Okay.
For now. it's important
you keep a low profile.
Stay as passive as possible.
Let her come to you.
Let her do all the talking.
Let her speak for herself
and don't force anything.
And when she asks me. what do I say?
Tell her that you'll see what you can do
but that you can't promise her anything.
Give her just enough information
to bring home to Miran
and let him know there's an opening.
Understood?
Yeah. Understood.
We can sit here.
Hi.
-Hi.
-Nice seeing you again.
-The other night was fun.
-Yeah. it was.
Glad you reached out.
A spa is what I needed.
-Happy you liked it. Ever been here?
-No. never.
It's really nice.
Thanks for the earrings. I like them.
-The earrings?
-Yeah.
-Good choice.
-I didn't choose them.
Mm-hmm.
No way Miran picked these out by himself.
He says hi. by the way.
He's still a bit embarrassed
by his behavior.
Normally he's not such a huge idiot.
It's all right.
We all had way too much to drink.
That didn't help.
Like Bambi.
Yeah. especially like Bambi.
Someone's interested.
Stop it. Ash.
Okay.
Miran was impressed by your store.
Thanks.
He is more than welcome to come back.
Something wrong?
Nothing.
What were you about to say?
It doesn't matter.
I've never noticed that scar before.
What happened?
It's a long story.
You can have it removed.
if you're tired of it.
Yeah.
My friend is really good at it.
She helped me with my tattoo once.
Can you see anything?
No. nothing. What was it?
It's a long story.
-Come on.
-No.
Please tell me
how much I owe you for today.
Nothing. Miran's paying.
-No. he shouldn't.
-Um. yeah. he should.
And he'll pay the next time too.
All right. I need to get moving.
Have to go find a present for Sofia.
her birthday's next week.
-How old is she turning?
-Eight.
Want to come to the party?
Sofia would love that.
she'll be happy to see you.
Thanks for letting me borrow this.
-I'd be happy to come. sounds nice.
-Great.
What? Seriously. you haven't told her?
Come on!
Okay. come on.
Hey!
Oh. oh!
Hi.
-Oh!
-Hi. Mom!
Hi! Are you winning?
-Mm-hmm.
-Great.
Did you know Bambi
was a professional soccer player?
Uh-huh?
No. just semi-pro. Not professional.
-Gonna unpack now.
-Okay.
Practice your penalty kicks
with Bambi. I need to talk to Mom.
-Okay. show me what you got!
-All right!
Wow. that's a nice strong kick!
Not bad at all.
So? What did she say?
Nothing.
What do you mean?
She wasn't interested.
Even if she gets her share?
We didn't get into the details.
Okay. And why didn't you?
Because she's my friend
and I'd rather not pressure her like that.
Hm.
Yeah. but I asked you to.
Yes. and I asked her.
but she said she couldn't do it.
You asked her?
Really?
-Yeah.
-Hm.
Okay.
And what did you ask?
Exactly what you told me to ask.
Okay. and what exactly was that?
I asked about her. uh. store. and…
And then I asked about investment
stones and. uh. how all that worked.
-She never asked me that.
-Mm.
Yeah. and if cash business
might be something that interested her.
And what did she say?
That she couldn't accept all that cash.
Don't lie to me. Ashley.
It's the truth.
Call her.
What?
-Call her.
-No.
Call her and ask her
if she's thought it over.
Yes. hello?
Hi. Sara.
-Is this a bad time?
-No. don't worry.
-Thanks for today. It felt good.
-Yeah. it was really nice.
So. what's up?
Um…
Uh…
Well. I spoke to that friend of mine
who removes scars and so she. uh…
She told me that
she can't make them completely disappear.
but. um. well.
I just wanted to know if you. uh…
still wanted me to give you her number?
Sure. Thanks. Yeah. I'll. um…
I'll definitely call her.
Great.
Also. I was wondering if you thought
some more about my request?
What do you mean?
Um. you know. that thing about. uh…
Well. about helping me if ever I wanted
to buy investment stones from you.
I…
I can't. Sorry.
I would've liked to help. but I can't.
Don't worry. it's okay. Um…
Why not?
I can't accept that much cash.
Sorry. I would really like to.
but I just can't.
It's fine. I'm sorry
for having asked you this again.
So. I'll…
I'll send you my friend's number.
and maybe I can go with you if you ever
need me to hold your hand or something.
Okay. yeah. fine. Maybe we can talk later.
Okay. Talk later.
-Yeah. Bye.
-Bye.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
What the hell was that?
You can't just talk about things
you're not supposed to be aware of. okay?
The goal was to collaborate
and go into business with him.
And you just said no to that.
I thought the goal was for me
to become friends with Ashley.
If I had accepted to do business with him.
he would've known that Ashley lied.
And if he doesn't trust her. then…
Then there's no point
in me becoming her friend.
If we can't get him to trust her.
he won't trust me.
I can fix this. I'll call her later
and I can just say something.
Yeah. and say what?
That you reconsidered the offer
and it's actually possible?
You can't just say whatever you want
and then change your mind
when you feel like it.
If you want to do this job correctly.
you do exactly what I say.
Don't forget.
you only have this job thanks to me.
Is that a threat?
Yes.
If I were you.
I'd be very careful and think straight.
If you give up now. you'll never
get a job at the police again.
CALL ME WHEN YOU CAN…
It might feel a bit sore later tonight.
If it becomes too uncomfortable.
take some painkillers.
and drink lots of water.
DO YOU WANT TO MEET UP?
-Hi.
-Wow.
-Hey.
Hi. sweetie.
Mwah.
Nice place you got here.
-Yeah.
-Wow. and that view.
How long have you lived here for?
Just a few months.
I lived in a hotel for a while
before finding this place.
It's really nice.
How'd it go today?
It went really well. She was very nice.
-Yeah. she's great. right?
-Yeah.
May I see?
Yeah.
Um…
Can't see the difference yet.
Yeah. okay. How many sessions altogether?
About four or five.
It's gonna look good.
-I brought some chocolate.
-How nice.
Sofia was really happy when I told her
you were coming to her party.
That's nice. I can't wait.
-What would she like?
-A pony.
Right.
I'll get her that.
-You want some coffee?
-Yeah. thanks.
Thanks for saving my ass. Sara.
When I called you the other day.
Of course. Uh…
You seemed stressed.
I wasn't really sure what to say.
What's going on?
Uh. with Miran. it's…
Things are a bit complicated right now.
And he wanted to. uh…
Sorry. it's not that easy to explain.
Is that just for show or what?
Yeah. I have no idea
how to use that thing.
No. stop it!
-You do?
-Yeah. I have the same one at home.
Have fun with it. then.
Thanks.
How did you know about the cash?
Miran came into the store the other day
to buy jewelry for you and Sofia.
When time came to pay.
he asked if he could use cash.
Yeah. so. you know. it's…
It's not the first time that someone
comes into my store to ask me that.
And usually.
those who ask don't have good intentions.
I shouldn't have said that. It's not…
Ugh. So sorry.
Sorry. I didn't mean to…
No.
I'm really sorry.
It's not your fault.
Hey!
-Hi.
-Hey.
Thanks!
The food smells great.
Hi. Sofia.
-Hi!
-Hi! Happy birthday!
-Thanks.
-This is for you.
-May I open it now?
-Yeah. open it!
-Hi!
-Hi.
-Hey. sweetie! Hey.
-Hey.
-Whoa! Look. Mom.
-Oh!
Are those earphones?
-Yeah.
-What do you say?
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
I still have to set up the tables.
I'm behind schedule.
-Of course. no problem.
-Yeah. Glad you're here.
-No switching places around. got it? No.
-I'm not. calm down.
-Miran?
-Yes?
Can you take care of the drinks?
The guests are here.
-Hi.
-Hey.
How are you?
Good. Thanks.
Nice place.
Thank you. It's my father's.
Oh?
-Talk later?
-Yeah.
Oh look. we're sitting next to each other.
-Yup. looks like it.
-Ah. Lucky me.
What's going on?
Oh.
-Hi. everybody.
-Hi.
Um. so as you may see.
our dear little birthday girl
asked us to give a speech. Um…
Great idea. sweetie.
you know how good I am at this.
But. anyway. I'd like to say welcome.
And thank you for coming to celebrate
our little troublemaker's birthday.
She has been very excited about this.
Yeah. and it's
Sofia's special day. after all.
So we let her be the one
in charge of the menu.
-Tell us what we're having?
-Pizza!
Yup! We're having pizza today.
and there's plenty of it. so dig in.
For those who might not want pizza.
Father-in-law…
there's also meat and potatoes.
You're all welcome to have that too.
Uh. Bambi already noticed that
we have lots of beer and wine.
-So. go ahead and serve yourselves.
-Ah!
-And… yeah.
-That's it.
-It is?
-I guess.
-Let's toast?
-Let's toast.
Let's raise our glasses. say cheers.
Oh. wait! Sorry.
I forgot to mention that later on.
Sofia planned something for us.
a performance she's been working on.
But that's all I can say for now.
-Happy birthday. sweetie.
-Happy birthday.
-Cheers. everyone!
-Let's toast.
Cheers!
I hope we don't have
to watch her dance again.
-Stop it!
-What?
If you're tired of it.
turn your hearing aid off.
I did the moment I saw you walk in.
Seriously. Dad. you're the worst.
Well. who's this young woman?
Sara. Ashley's friend.
-Nice to meet you.
-You too.
Look. Bambi. a nice. decent lady.
Yeah. thank you.
but I don't need any help.
-You sure about that?
-Yes. I'm very sure about it.
-Oh really?
-You all need to stop.
Cheers.
I'm sorry for all of this.
I'm surrounded by a bunch of clowns.
Can we talk?
Yeah. Of course.
For you.
-Cheers.
Ashley told me she talked to you
about an investment she needs help with.
Yeah.
She brought it up.
And have you thought about it?
What's in it for me if I helped her?
You'd get to see how generous she is.
Could that change your mind?
I might be able to help another way.
There are other places
where Ashley can buy diamonds for cash.
She'll probably need some help
to get the paperwork done.
-Mm.
-And that's where I come in.
I can help make the stones become legal.
That is if I get something out of it.
of course.
Of course.
No need to worry about that.
That being said.
tell her that I'll think about it.
Yeah. I will.
Miran?
-Hi.
Hey. honey.
-Everything okay?
-Yeah. we were just talking.
Sofia's performance is about to start.
-We had a playlist.
-Yeah.
Oh. this is annoying.
Here. can you find it?
Okay. the playlist situation
is nearly under control.
-Sweetie. you ready?
-Yeah.
Hey. Hey.
-Wanna go for a smoke?
-Sorry. what?
-Now?
-Yeah.
-She's about to start.
I've seen it before. Come.
-I'll tell you all about it.
-Okay.
Your dad's a funny guy.
That's what he thinks too.
He loves to embarrass me.
What's your dad like?
I don't really have a dad.
And my mom. she isn't… very funny.
Or nice.
You shouldn't talk about
your mom like that.
That's up to me.
I'm just joking.
Fuck your mom.
But. like…
what about you?
Are you always this mysterious?
What do you mean?
How did you become this fancy jeweler?
I didn't know what I wanted to do.
But I did know the right people.
Okay.
What about you? You work for your brother?
Not really. or maybe just once in a while.
Once in a while? What do you mean by that?
I help him out.
For now.
What do you help him do?
You ask way too many questions.
Have you always been this nosy?
You started it.
Wait a second.
-Hey.
-Hey. what's up?
-This is a private party.
-You're Miran's little brother?
-Why?
-Are you Miran's little brother?
Yeah.
Okay. take it easy.
-Shut the fuck up. okay?
-Hurry up. come on!
-Hey. hey. hey! Fuck you. man!
-Don't move! Leave her out of this!
-Go!
-Go! Go! Go! Run!
Come on. go!
Bambi. look at me. Look at me.
Look at me. Look at me.
No. don't close your eyes.
Oh! Oh!
Bambi!
Miran.
Bambi. Bambi. Bambi!
Come on.
Call an ambulance!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm